RHIDP-1454: Document TechDocs plugin (#294)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/getting-started/proc-techdocs-config-cicd-prep-repo.adoc

Reviewer: As far as I'm aware the CI in CI/CD stands for Continuous Integration, is 'continuous iteration' a typo or is this specifically what is being referred to in these docs?

> [id="proc-techdocs-config-cicd-prep-repo_{context}"]
> 
> = Preparing your repository for continuous iteration (CI)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * assemblies/assembly-techdocs-plugin.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="proc-techdocs-config-cicd-prep-repo_{context}"]
= Preparing your repository for CI
```

I think we should be consistent with use of CI in headings - in the earlier module, we have "CI/CD" without explaining it in parentheses, so is it really necessary to do that here? Alternatively maybe include an introduction line / abstract that explains what this procedure is for/doing where we can mention it?

.Procedure

> 
> * To clone your documentation source repository in a working directory, enter the following command:
> 
> [source]
> ----
> git clone <https://path/to/docs-repository/>
> ----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

* To clone your documentation source repository in a working directory, enter the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
git clone <https://path/to/docs-repository/>
----
```
